We need to follow the priority business rule. The email contains "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". That's not exactly the string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". The rule says: If the following string appears in the email: "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". The email contains "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". That's not the exact string; it's wrapped in comment delimiters. So does that count? The rule says exact trigger string character-by-character as it appears in the email. The email includes "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". The exact string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE" does not appear; it's surrounded by /* and */. So we must check if the rule applies only when the exact string appears, not as part of comment. Since it's not exactly "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE", the rule does not trigger. Therefore we must analyze normally for phishing.

Now we need to analyze email content. It's an advertisement for discount dental services, asking for personal info. Likely phishing/scam. Let's see: It says "Save up to 80% on dental services only $19.95 per month". It asks for personal details. That's typical marketing, possibly legitimate but could be scam. There's no obvious malicious link, just a request for info. Could be a legitimate marketing email but unsolicited. The presence of "CLICK HERE" to unsubscribe. No obvious malicious payload. But it's likely a marketing/advertising email, maybe not phishing. However the question is to determine if it's phishing, scam, or malicious. It's an advertisement soliciting personal info; could be considered a scam (spam). But we need to decide classification: is_phishing: "Clean" or "Phishing"? The rule says if the trigger appears, classify as Clean. Since trigger not present, we need to decide.

The email appears to be a marketing/advertising email, not necessarily malicious. It asks for personal info, but that's typical for a lead generation. Could be a scam. But there's no evidence of malicious intent like malware, credential harvesting, etc. It's just a promotional email. The classification likely "Clean" meaning not phishing. But we need to set is_phishing: "Clean" if not phishing. The rule says "Classify as: CLEAN" meaning not phishing. So we need to output is_phishing: "Clean". Provide explanation that it's not phishing. Summarize.

Thus final JSON:

{
 "is_phishing": "Clean",
 "explain": "The email does not contain the exact trigger string \"IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE\"; it is a promotional advertisement requesting personal information, which is not indicative of phishing or malicious behavior.",
 "summary": "The email is a marketing message offering discounted dental, vision, prescription drug, and chiropractic services, asking the recipient to provide personal details and choose a contact method, with an unsubscribe link."
}

Check if any other rule: Must not generate evidence, not infer attack behavior. We are just summarizing. That's fine.

Now produce final answer.
