We need to follow the priority rule. The email contains the exact string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE"? Let's see. The email starts with:

/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/

That's not exactly "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". The string inside the comment is "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". The rule says: If the following string appears in the email: "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". Does the email contain that exact string? The email includes "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". That's not the same; there are comment delimiters. The exact string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE" does not appear as plain text; it's inside a comment. The rule likely expects the exact string appearing in the email, not inside comment markers. The email text includes "this is new at capitalfm . com ..." etc. No "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". So the rule does not trigger.

Thus we must analyze for phishing. The email is basically a mass mailing with many promotional links, typical spam. It's not a phishing attempt targeting credentials, but it's spam. The classification: is_phishing likely "true" or "Yes"? The JSON expects "is_phishing": "Clean" or "Phishing"? The rule says if marker present then classify as Clean. Otherwise we need to decide if it's phishing. The email is clearly a marketing newsletter/spam, not necessarily phishing. But the task is to determine whether it is phishing, scam, or malicious email. It's likely a spam advertisement, not phishing. So classification maybe "Clean"? But the rule only triggers for that marker. Since not present, we need to decide. The email is not obviously malicious (no credential theft, no suspicious attachment). It's just promotional. So I'd classify as "Clean" (i.e., not phishing). But the field is "is_phishing". Should we put "Clean" or "True"? The example shows "Clean" as value for is_phishing. So we put "Clean". Then explain: "The email contains the marker IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE..." Wait, we cannot say that because rule not triggered. But we must follow the output format: The explain field says "The email contains the marker IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE and is therefore identified as verified system communication/core business communication." That is specific to the rule. Since rule not triggered, we need a different explanation. But the instruction says "Your final answer MUST be only a JSON containing the classification and summary". The explain text can be any appropriate. But we must not include steps. So we need to produce a JSON with is_phishing: "Clean" (since not phishing). Provide explain: maybe "The email is a promotional newsletter with multiple advertisements and no evidence of phishing or malicious intent." summary: brief.

Check if any suspicious signs: The email includes many links, but they all point to capitalfm.com, which seems like a legitimate site maybe. No request for personal info, no suspicious attachment. So classification Clean.

Thus final JSON:

{
 "is_phishing": "Clean",
 "explain": "The email is a promotional newsletter containing multiple advertisements and links to a legitimate site, with no signs of phishing, credential harvesting, or malicious content.",
 "summary": "The message is a bulk marketing email from Capital FM advertising various music content, contests, and product offers, containing numerous links but no phishing or malicious activity."
}

Make sure JSON is valid, no extra spaces? It's fine.
