We need to follow the priority rule. The email contains the exact string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE"? Let's see: The first line is "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". That's not exactly "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". The rule says if the following string appears in the email: "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". The string in email is "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". That's not exactly the same; includes /* and */. The rule says copy exact trigger string character-by-character as it appears in the email. Does the email contain "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE" exactly? No, it contains "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". So the exact string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE" does not appear. So rule does not trigger. Therefore we must analyze for phishing etc.

We need to decide if it's phishing. The email text is garbled nonsense, many misspellings, looks like random words. There's a URL "http : / / halfoffsalenow . biz". That's suspicious. Likely phishing. Also "shipped discretly", "no further mils", "please". It's likely a scam.

We must produce JSON with is_phishing: "Clean" only if rule triggers. Since rule not triggered, we need to determine if phishing. The email appears to be nonsensical, possibly a spam/phishing attempt. There's a URL, suspicious. So classify as phishing (i.e., is_phishing: "Phishing"? The field is "is_phishing". The possible values? The rule says if trigger then "Clean". Otherwise we need to decide. The field likely expects "Phishing" or "Clean"? The instruction says "Classify as: CLEAN". So maybe the field is "is_phishing": "Clean" or "Phishing"? The example JSON shows "is_phishing": "Clean". So likely values are "Clean" or "Phishing"? But maybe "True"/"False"? Not sure. The rule says "Classify as: CLEAN". So I think the field should be "Clean" if safe, otherwise maybe "Phishing". Let's assume "Phishing". But we need to be careful. The field name is "is_phishing". If it's phishing, maybe "True"? But example shows "Clean". Hmm.

The rule says: "Classify as: CLEAN". So maybe the field is "is_phishing": "Clean". If not, maybe "Phishing". Let's interpret: is_phishing indicates whether it's phishing. So "Clean" means not phishing. But the field name is confusing. In example, they set "is_phishing": "Clean". That suggests the value indicates classification: "Clean" if not phishing. So if we think it's phishing, we set "Phishing"? Or maybe "True"? But example uses "Clean". Let's read: "Classify as: CLEAN". So classification is "Clean". So maybe the field is "is_phishing": "Clean" if not phishing, else "Phishing"? The field name suggests boolean, but example contradictory. I think we follow example: output "Clean" if safe, else maybe "Phishing". Let's decide: This email is suspicious, likely phishing. So we set "is_phishing": "Phishing"? But the example uses "Clean". Might be they want "Clean" for safe, "Phishing" for phishing. Let's see the instruction: "Classify as: CLEAN". So classification is "Clean". If not, maybe "Phishing". The field name "is_phishing" maybe indicates whether it's phishing (True/False) but example shows "Clean". Hmm.

Maybe they want "Clean" if it's not phishing, "Phishing" if it is. Let's adopt that.

Now we need "explain": a short explanation. And "summary": brief summary.

We must ensure JSON only, no extra text.

Let's craft:

{
 "is_phishing": "Phishing",
 "explain": "The email contains a suspicious URL and garbled promotional text typical of phishing/scam messages, and does not contain the required IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE marker.",
 "summary": "A nonsensical promotional email with a suspicious link, likely a phishing attempt."
}

Check if any other rule: Must not generate evidence, etc. That's fine.

Now ensure we considered the exact trigger string. The email does not contain "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". So rule not triggered.

Thus final answer JSON.
