We need to follow priority rule. The email contains the string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE"? Let's see. The email starts with "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". That's not exactly the string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". The rule says: If the following string appears in the email: "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". Does the email contain that exact string? The email includes "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". That's not the exact string; it's wrapped in comment delimiters. The exact string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE" does not appear. So rule does not trigger. Therefore we must analyze for phishing/malicious behavior.

We must produce JSON with is_phishing: "Clean" or "Phishing"? The rule says if marker appears, classify as Clean. Since not, we need to decide if it's phishing. The email is a promotional ebook for day trading, promising high returns, likely a scam. It's a typical "get rich quick" scheme. It's likely a scam/phishing. It's not a legitimate business communication; it's marketing a book for day trading, promising high returns, urging to click a link. That is suspicious. So classification: likely "Phishing" (or "Scam"). The field is "is_phishing". Should we set "Phishing"? The options maybe "Clean" or "Phishing". The rule says if marker present, classify as Clean. Otherwise we need to decide. So answer: is_phishing: "Phishing". Explain: The email contains marketing for a day trading ebook, promises unrealistic returns, uses high-pressure language, includes a link, typical of scam. Summarize.

We must ensure JSON format exactly as required. No extra text. So:

{
  "is_phishing": "Phishing",
  "explain": "The email is a promotional message for a day‑trading ebook that promises quick, high‑profit returns, uses high‑pressure language, and includes a link to an external site, all typical characteristics of a scam/phishing attempt.",
  "summary": "The email advertises a day‑trading book, claims easy wealth, and urges the recipient to click a link, indicating a likely phishing/scam message."
}

Check that we didn't include any extra. Ensure JSON keys exactly as given: "is_phishing", "explain", "summary". Values: "Phishing", "..." etc. Ensure no trailing commas.
