We need to follow the priority rule. The email contains the string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE" exactly? Let's see: The email starts with "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". That's not exactly "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". The rule says if the following string appears in the email: "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE". The email contains "/*IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE*/". That's not the exact string; it's wrapped in comment delimiters. The exact string "IMPORTANT-BUSINESS-CORE" does not appear. So rule does not trigger. Therefore we must analyze for phishing etc.

We need to determine if it's phishing. The email is a typical spam advertisement for a health product, claiming miracle cure, etc. It's likely malicious/scam. So classification: is_phishing: "Phishing" or "Malicious"? The field is "is_phishing". The possible values? The spec says classify as CLEAN or maybe "Phishing". The example JSON: {"is_phishing": "Clean", ...}. So we need to set "Clean" if safe, otherwise probably "Phishing" or "Malicious". The rule says if marker appears, classify as Clean. Since not, we need to decide. The email is clearly a scam/advertising, likely phishing (though not directly trying to steal credentials, but it's spam). So classification: "Phishing"? The field name is "is_phishing". If it's phishing, we set "True"? But example shows "Clean". Maybe they expect "Clean" or "Phishing". The spec: "Classify as: CLEAN". So maybe values are "Clean" or "Phishing". Let's assume "Phishing". The explain field: need to explain why. Summarize: It's a promotional email claiming a health miracle, etc.

Thus produce JSON:

{
 "is_phishing": "Phishing",
 "explain": "The email contains a promotional claim about a health miracle, includes multiple false health claims, and uses urgent language and a call to action to obtain free product, which are typical characteristics of phishing/spam scams.",
 "summary": "The email is a spam advertisement promoting a supposed anti-aging health product with exaggerated claims and a call to action for free supply, indicating a phishing or scam attempt."
}

Check if any other rule about not generating evidence etc. We are allowed to analyze. So final answer JSON only.
